# hello-world
Hi there!

My name is Nasser Al-Soof, but it would be a lot easier just to call me Matt since that is my baptism name and the name I have been going by a really long time. I am from Toronto, Ontario, which is roughly just about a 2 hour drive from London. Although I spent a fairly long time in Canada, I wasn't born here. I was actually born in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and spent a chunk of my childhood living there. I definitely miss the warm weather, though I have certainly come to adapt to the cold quite naturally. 

I would say one of my favourite movie genres has to be horror fiction. I absolutely love classics like Red Dragon, Silence of the Lambs, Halloween, The Terminator, and many more. I've also come to appreciate recent developments in horror fiction like 10 Cloverfield Lane, Split, and The Conjuring series. horror fiction movies are just perfect for having you at the edge of your seat; ready to endure the wave of madness that comes with these movies. Although I tend to listen to rap/trap (Travis Scott, Drake) when with friends, my absolute favourite genre of music is rock. This also spans into hard rock, some alternative, and light variations of metal. My favourite band would probably have to be 10 Years. I find their music very soothing and meaningful. I also tend to listen to bands such as Breaking Benjamin, Seether, and Linkin Park, especially when I'm going for a nice, quiet drive. There are many more bands out there that I enjoy, though the list would just go on and on.

I am a major car enthusiast, so much so that I would easily devote many hours a day building and learning more about cars. I want to eventually start working on a project car and begin racing competitively. If I'm ever stressed out or worried about anything, a quick drive can easily calm me down and get me back on track. My dream car would probably have to be an r34 skyline, though I have a vast list of cars I want to own, and I hope that list will definitely be fully checked off one day.  
